docs/src/Cookbook.template.md, before:

# [Minutest](README.md)

## Cookbook

### How do I

#### Write tests

See the [readme](README.md)

#### Run Tests with JUnit 5

See the [readme](README.md)

#### Run Tests with JUnit 4

There is experimental support for running tests with JUnit 4 - see 
[JUnit4MinutestsTests](../core/src/test/kotlin/com/oneeyedmen/minutest/experimental/JUnit4MinutestsTests.kt)

#### Run Only Some Tests

There is experimental support for skipping some tests and only running others - see 
[SkipAndFocusExampleTests](../core/src/test/kotlin/com/oneeyedmen/minutest/experimental/SkipAndFocusExampleTests.kt)

#### Get Help

The best bet for feedback and help is the [#minutest channel on the Kotlin Slack](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6). See you there.

#### Reuse Test Code

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Repeat a Test

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Manage Test Resources

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Trace Test Execution

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Mock Collaborators

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Think about Fixtures and Contexts

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Check a Value

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Structure Tests

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Extend Minutest

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Migrate from JUnit

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Change the Fixture Type

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

Commit message:

Demote JUnit Rules support back to experimental and reorganise docs

docs/src/Cookbook.template.md, after:

# [Minutest](README.md)

## Cookbook

### How do I

#### Write tests

See the [readme](README.md)

#### Run Tests with JUnit 5

See the [readme](README.md)

#### Run Tests with JUnit 4

There is experimental support for running tests with JUnit 4 - see 
[JUnit4MinutestsTests](../core/src/test/kotlin/com/oneeyedmen/minutest/experimental/JUnit4MinutestsTests.kt)

#### Run Only Some Tests

There is experimental support for [skipping some tests and only running others](focus-and-skip.md)

#### Generate tests on the fly

[Generating tests](generating-tests.md)

#### Use JUnit Rules

JUnit Rules [mostly work](junit-rules.md).

#### Get Help

The best bet for feedback and help is the [#minutest channel on the Kotlin Slack](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6). See you there.

#### Reuse Test Code

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Repeat a Test

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Manage Test Resources

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Trace Test Execution

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Mock Collaborators

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Think about Fixtures and Contexts

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Check a Value

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Structure Tests

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Extend Minutest

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Migrate from JUnit

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).

#### Change the Fixture Type

TODO - in the meantime [just ask](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/messages/CCYE00YM6).
